Names: Jae Woo Ok, Ruomin Wang
NetIDs: jwo739, rwz8980

a. What is the goal for the optimization, and briefly describe the changes you made in the source files for that optimization. 
The goal of the optimization was to reduce the performance of the histogram creation code. We made changes to the opt_2dhisto.cu file
so that the opt_2dhisto function would call a kernel code for opt_stoprollover_Kernel (which prevents the count from rolling over 255)
and the opt_2dhisto_Kernel function would actually create the histogram, and add 1 to the right bin through atomicAdd. 
The rest of the file are the communication functions from the device memory to the gpu memory. In the opt_2dhisto.h file is
where we placed out headers. Finally, in the test_harness.cpp file, we wrote code for the setup and teardown and called functions from 
opt_2dhisto.h. 

b. Any difficulties with completing the optimization correctly. 
Without setting the bins to a default of 0, the tests would not pass because there might have been some unnecessary/wrong values
inside the bins. In addition, atomicAdd must be used because a bin might not be updated if two cores try to write to the same bin at
the same time. There was also a small issue setting the size of the bin and grids for the kernel operations as some sizes
would slow down the operation, but the issue was solved. 

c. The man-hours spent developing the optimization (even if it was abandoned or not working). This will be an indication of the optimization’s difficulty. 
The optimization took around 15 man-hours to implement. 

d. If finished and working, the speedup of the code after the optimization was applied.
    Timing 'ref_2dhisto' started
        GetTimeOfDay Time (for 1000 iterations) = 11.038
        Clock Time        (for 1000 iterations) = 11.01
    Timing 'ref_2dhisto' ended
    Timing 'opt_2dhisto' started
        GetTimeOfDay Time (for 1000 iterations) = 0.73
        Clock Time        (for 1000 iterations) = 0.73
    Timing 'opt_2dhisto' ended
This is a sample result from the code. 11.038s/0.73s = 15.12x faster. 